docs: Correct report copy menu label to "Make a copy" (#2862)
wandb/docs: models/reports/clone-and-export-reports.mdx

<Tabs>
<Tab title="W&B App">

> In your report, select the **action (<Icon icon="ellipsis-vertical" iconType="solid"/>)** menu. Choose **Make a copy**. In the modal, select a destination for your cloned report. Choose **Clone report**. The destination dropdown defaults to the current project and lists projects across the teams you belong to, so to copy the report into a different project or team, open the dropdown and select it.

Author: 🟡 **Partially confirmed** — the **Make a copy** label and everything after it check out against the app code; this flag is only about the menu icon.

The docs draw the action menu as `ellipsis-vertical` (vertical three-dot), but the W&B app trigger uses `icon="overflow-horizontal"` — a **horizontal** three-dot menu (`aria-label="More actions"`). No `ellipsis-vertical` exists in the ReportPage code.

This wording is **pre-existing** (the same `<Icon icon="ellipsis-vertical"/>` appears on the unchanged Export line), so it's out of scope for this PR — no change needed here. **Recommended:** optional follow-up to switch both glyphs to a horizontal ellipsis so the docs match the UI.

**Source:** [core:ReportPageMenuActions.tsx#L180-L187](https://github.com/wandb/core/blob/ec797fd9b4cfea78a29229dc9dfbe99b5d582ce7/frontends/app/src/pages/ReportPage/ReportPageHeader/ReportPageMenuActions.tsx#L180-L187)

_🤖 CoreWeave Docs Team's Validator — partially confirmed_
<!-- cw-docs-validator -->

Reviewer: The final sentence is a run-on that could benefit from breaking up.
```suggestion
In your report:
1. Select the **action (<Icon icon="ellipsis-vertical" iconType="solid"/>)** menu, then choose **Make a copy**.
1. In the modal, then select a destination for your cloned report.
1. Choose **Clone report**.

    The destination dropdown defaults to the current project and lists projects across the teams you belong to. To copy the report into a different project or team, open the dropdown and select it.
```

Author: Applied — split into a numbered list per your suggestion. Two small tweaks: I added a blank line after "In your report:" so Markdown renders it as a list, and dropped the stray "then" in the modal step ("In the modal, select a destination…"). I kept the `ellipsis-vertical` icon from your rewrite; the horizontal-ellipsis glyph the validator flagged is a separate pre-existing item (it's also on the Export line above), so I left it out of scope here — happy to do a quick follow-up that switches both if you'd like. `mint validate` and `mint broken-links` pass. Pushed to the branch.
